# Meeting #1
Group #4

Date: 10/21/2016

Time: 3:30pm

Location: Jeb 328 

## Attendees:
- Trevor
- Peter
- Matt
- Dominic
- Zachary

## Notes:
- Each Group Member will have their own primary working branch
- When finishing a feature, must be reviewed via a "pull" request
- Then it will be merged
- Do a pull request for each feature
- Format for commit: short summary first, followed by a detailed summary
- When pulling from remote repo, must be in the local master branch

## Tasks:
- Meet Saturday to do Assignment 3: Library @ 10:00
